User Terms of Service

Member Subscription Terms of Service

Welcome to use the membership subscription service! In order to use the Member Subscription Service (hereinafter referred to as the "Member Subscription Service"), you should read and comply with the "Member Subscription Service Terms" (hereinafter referred to as the "Terms"). Please be sure to carefully read and fully understand the corresponding content of this clause before accepting the membership subscription service, and choose to accept or not. 1. After receiving the content of the membership subscription service or paying to activate the membership subscription service, you can continue to access all advanced functions in the Tongcha Assistant during the corresponding service period, such as unlimited times per day, no advertising interruption, faster analysis speed, And can experience new features first. (1) Annual subscription service After you start the annual subscription service, the service period you get is 365 natural days. The service is an automatic renewal service provided to you on the premise that you have turned on the membership subscription service. If you activate the continuous package service, you are deemed to have authorized Tongcha Assistant to use your own recharge account, the third-party payment account bound to the Tongcha Assistant account, and Bank card, communication account, iTunes account (referred to as "account"), etc. withhold the annual subscription service fee for the next billing cycle. The deduction time is within 24 hours before the billing cycle expires.
You need to bind the Tongcha Assistant account with the above-mentioned account, and ensure that there is sufficient balance to support withholding. If the renewal fails due to insufficient balance in the above account, you will be responsible for the corresponding consequences. You can cancel the activated continuous annual subscription service through the following methods: On your Apple phone, go to "Settings" on your iOS device → "iTunes Store and App Store" → select "Apple ID" → click "View Apple ID" → on the account settings page Click "Subscribe" → Unsubscribe. 2. Paid services (1) You understand and agree that the membership subscription service is a paid service, and Tongcha Assistant will charge Internet value-added service usage fees; you can check the specific term and corresponding fees of the membership subscription service on the relevant service page and choose the service by yourself type. After turning on the membership subscription function, no matter whether you actually use the service or access electronic content during the corresponding service period, the fees paid are not refundable. (2) You understand and agree that Shitongcha Assistant has the right to decide on its own and revise the charging standards and rules related to membership subscription services from time to time. Such standards and rules will take effect once they are published and form an effective part of these Terms. If you do not agree with the aforementioned standards, rules and their amendments, you have the right to stop using the membership subscription service.
Your continued use of the membership subscription service is deemed to be your agreement to the relevant content. 3. Disclaimer Tongcha Assistant has the right to independently determine the specific content of member subscription services based on product plans and operating conditions, and has the right to add or remove electronic content or suspend or terminate the provision of member subscription services based on the copyright status of electronic content Serve. The above-mentioned decision will come into effect without notice, and you agree that Tongcha Assistant shall not be liable for this.
